readme.md, before:

<div align="left">
	<img src="./img/FashoTyped-logo.svg".svg"  alt="logo">
</div>

# FashoTyped.ts

A collection of TypeScript resources I came across while learning or improving new-found knowledge

I wanted to create this for myself and for those who want to find quick access to resources for TypeScript. I believe in sharing knowledge, but also sharing what you find is even better.

I'll also share notes from Meetups i'll be attending or just watch old ones I missed 😅.

## Table of Contents

- [Video Tutorials](#Video-Tutorials)
- [Books](#Books)
- [Meetups](#Meetups) `soon to be updated`
- [Data Structure and Algorithms](#Data-Structure-and-Algorithms)
- [About me](#About-me)

## Video Tutorials

- [No-BS-TS by Jack Herrington](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNqp92_EXZBJYFrpEzdO2EapvU0GOJ09n)
  - Source code [here]() `soon to be updated`

## Books

These are books that I'm currently reading at the moment

- [Programming TypeScript: Making Your JavaScript Applications Scale](https://www.amazon.com/Programming-TypeScript-Making-JavaScript-Applications/dp/1492037656/ref=sr_1_5?dchild=1&keywords=TypeScript&qid=1620835511&sr=8-5)
- [Effective TypeScript: 62 Specific Ways to Improve Your TypeScript](https://www.amazon.com/Effective-TypeScript-Specific-Ways-Improve/dp/1492053740/ref=sr_1_7?dchild=1&keywords=TypeScript&qid=1620835511&sr=8-7)

## Meetups

> _These meetups are all virtual until further notice_

### Going

- [[Online] ReactJS Monthly Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/sandiegojs/events/lzptzrycchbqb/) `05/12/2021 6:30PM PST`

  > _If it's non TypeScript meetup I will convert code/notes to TypeScript 🙃_

  - Source code [here]() `will be available when meetup is over`

- [DCJS[82] REMOTE-TypeScript at Slack-Natalie Qabazard](https://www.meetup.com/DC-JavaScript/events/276814452/) `05/13/2021 3:45 PST`

  - Source code [here]() `will be available when meetup is over`

- [SFNode Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/sfnode/events/hdgjmrycchbrb/)

  - Source code [here]() `will be available when meetup is over`

## Data Structure and Algorithms

- [iruka](https://github.com/jeffzh4ng/iruka) by Jeff Zhang

## About Me

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/marvj/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/saschamars)
- [Website](https://saschamars.me/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/Mvrs)

Commit message:

docs: add more typescript resources

readme.md, after:

<div align="left">
	<img src="./img/FashoTyped-logo.svg".svg"  alt="logo">
</div>

# FashoTyped.ts

A collection of TypeScript resources I came across while learning or improving new-found knowledge

I wanted to create this for myself and for those who want to find quick access to resources for TypeScript. I believe in sharing knowledge, but also sharing what you find is even better.

I'll also share notes from Meetups i'll be attending or just watch old ones I missed 😅.

## Table of Contents

- [Video Tutorials](#Video-Tutorials)
- [Books](#Books)
- [Meetups](#Meetups) `soon to be updated`
- [Data Structure and Algorithms](#Data-Structure-and-Algorithms)
- [About me](#About-me)

## Video Tutorials

### TypeScript Fundamentals

- [No-BS-TS by Jack Herrington](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNqp92_EXZBJYFrpEzdO2EapvU0GOJ09n)
  - Source code [here]() `soon to be updated`

### TypeScript + Modern Redux

- [Learn React, Redux and Typescript in 2021 by CyberPotato](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDrGjPCkkytsnmvgMPJBomOVx0XZ_gkCh)

### TypeScript + NodeJs

- [NodeJS with TypeScript by CyberPotato](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDrGjPCkkyttKa1RX0bV7EZHstfrsg3xH)

## Books

These are books that I'm currently reading at the moment

- [Programming TypeScript: Making Your JavaScript Applications Scale](https://www.amazon.com/Programming-TypeScript-Making-JavaScript-Applications/dp/1492037656/ref=sr_1_5?dchild=1&keywords=TypeScript&qid=1620835511&sr=8-5)
- [Effective TypeScript: 62 Specific Ways to Improve Your TypeScript](https://www.amazon.com/Effective-TypeScript-Specific-Ways-Improve/dp/1492053740/ref=sr_1_7?dchild=1&keywords=TypeScript&qid=1620835511&sr=8-7)

## Meetups

> _These meetups are all virtual until further notice_

### Going

- [[Online] ReactJS Monthly Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/sandiegojs/events/lzptzrycchbqb/) `05/12/2021 6:30PM PST`

  > _If it's non TypeScript meetup I will convert code/notes to TypeScript 🙃_

  - Source code [here]() `will be available when meetup is over`

- [DCJS[82] REMOTE-TypeScript at Slack-Natalie Qabazard](https://www.meetup.com/DC-JavaScript/events/276814452/) `05/13/2021 3:45 PST`

  - Source code [here]() `will be available when meetup is over`

- [SFNode Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/sfnode/events/hdgjmrycchbrb/)

  - Source code [here]() `will be available when meetup is over`

### Maybe

- [IT Talk: «JS: Elm in Typescript & Apollo GraphQL»](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/it-talk-js-elm-in-typescript-apollo-graphql-tickets-155607025803?aff=ebdssbonlinesearch) `06/10/2021 8:30AM-10:30AM PST`
- [Exploring Advanced TypeScript - Software Development](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/exploring-advanced-typescript-software-development-tickets-154717386869?aff=ebdssbonlinesearch) `06/15/2021 8:00AM-9:00AM PDT`

## Data Structure and Algorithms

- [iruka](https://github.com/jeffzh4ng/iruka) by Jeff Zhang

## About Me

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/marvj/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/saschamars)
- [Website](https://saschamars.me/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/Mvrs)
